Download entire TwoPointCorr folder to run code.
Command:
python TwoPointCorrFunction.py

Congif.yaml file is located in example folder inside des40a.

Overview
This code has the main function of calculating Two Point Correlation functions and two quantities associated with the 
correlation function: Gamma and A. In order to calculate two point correlation functions, I use TreeCorr (software developed
by Jarvis). 

Redshift Bins
The Galaxy Catalog is divded into 25 different redshift bins, each with approximately the same amount of galaxies. This is done
in order to calculate two point correlation functions for redshift ranges, instead of the entire galaxy catalog, which wouldn't
be very useful. 

Random Catalog
In order to use TreeCorr and calculate two point correlation functions, a random galaxy catalog is needed to
complement the 'real' galaxy catalog. The random catalog is made by creating a healpy pixel map of the galaxy catalog, mostly 
to determine the shape of the catalog in coordinate space (RA and DEC), and then uniformly distrubuting random points in this
space.

Two Point Correlation
Once the catalog has been divded into 25 redshift bins, each one has its own random catalog created and their respective two
point correlation functions are calculated using TreeCorr. TreeCorr has a couple of parameters, such as the amount of bins
it will divide the catalog in (these are spacial bins, not redshift bins), as well as the min and max seperation between
galaxies, which were chosen to be 0.3 and 2.5 Mpc respectively. This quantities where chosen based on the approximate size
of a galaxy cluster, as well as the effect of the 2-halo term affecting the two point correlation at larger distance (approx
2.5 Mpc according to Maria). However, this spacial sepration needs to be converted to angular separation for TreeCorr, which
is done for each redshift bin accordingly (because spacial distance and angular distance conversion changes with redshift).
Once this is done, the program will then calculate the two point correlation function using TreeCorr, and addidtionally, the
error on each measurment using the jacknifing technique on every redshift bin. This techique is compromised of dividing the
catalog into n (where for this code n =9) equal parts, removing a piece of the catalog and calculating the two point correlation
for this new catalog. This allows us to get the average value and construct a covariance matrix, where the diagonal elements
are the errors of each measrument.

Linear Fit of Two Point Correlation
Once the Two Point correlation is calculated, theoretically, a plot of the correlation function in a log-log scale should be
linear, where the slope of line is linearly related to gamma, and The y-intercept is related to A. In order best fit 
the data to a linear fit, I used equations obtained from Numerical Recipes by Press(2002) page 781  to do so. These
equations make it very easy to fit the data and obtain the paramters.

Output Data
The output produced by this code is both a linear and log-log scale plots of the two point correlation function for all 
redshift bins, as well as the covariance and correlation functions. Addidtionally, the parameters A and gamma are plotted
vs redshift bin. Finally, an output file is written containing information about redshfit, ra, dec, and the desried parameters
A dn gamma for each bin.



